How many hours a week did I work? Um, there's a difference, of course,
Between working at sea on Ah, see, tour and working assure on a short
for, um at sea. You're basically working 24 7365 You're working every
day. How many day? How many hours a day are up and you doing your
job? Rebel Lee is at, uh 0 600 and taps in the evening is 2200. And
in between 06 and 22. You run around a lot doing your child job nation,
and it's very satisfying doing at Chute on Shorty a little bit.
Not as rigorous, not as long on our it can be depending upon what
the nation is doing at the time and what your job is. Shorter's, um
readily stills. 0 600 And every day at 0 800 is colors. So from 08
to 1700 5 p.m. In the afternoon on shore duty, I was usually knock off
for short. That was that was good to go. Go home and start over